to my city I sing to him what he feels
family
we pay homage to an initiative of the
capital city of joy
hundreds of men from several
nationalities and with the heart painted
of yellow and red have formed history
and has arrived
looking for christmas
sports will be more than a team a
referent of the quenarona dormer
and brunette
nobody is a stranger
to fly
I believe that the sport for it takes one
in the soul as I carry it I moved
all the fans and it's like a son that
one wants and that is always behind
him to be able to collaborate to be able to
help him feel what he feels
fanaticated times in 71 years of life a
shell of anecdotes of moments of
characters remember how to pulse and with
athletic titanic effort pereira se
got into the heart of the city I
help a child take me to the stadium
free was the time when the sports
Pereira played with the Paraguayans
much agreement of almost a thousand men and their
famous Chilean that was the time when
be played with five three forwards in the
half two in the goalkeeper's defense
then aviators appeared
soccer athletes who have sold expensive
his skin footballers who shake the
matecaña feeling men that
they were in the memory in the retina in
my heart and today the memory is very
and it is very recent I would say in the
era that I valued and in my time and in
as a wristband that I've been sporting
he would be killed when the team was
players like Carlos Darwin Quintero
that is the best memory the memory of
the goals the memory of the stadium
absolutely full generations of
Pereira have accompanied us on the path of
sporting pereira in soccer
have done it with fervor and
with the illusion of a title but also
with the certainty of who accompanies a
illusion a dream that will come
to accompany us what truth what
we are very committed
we want to do things very well
we have that illusion we pay tribute to
who have sweated the tribute shirt
to those leaders of always
applause to the fans
un avn and to the pereiranos that always
they are there accompanying and supporting
backing up by fanning and wanting
sporting pereira
today we are ready for a new decade
today we prepare for a new challenge
today a story is reborn today sports
pereira is with your heart in which
sport operation my house has been for
this long time
has been my home has been is my passion
since I was little I was taught to love
team
Now I have the blessing fortune
to be able to be here on another birthday
more cleaning of the institution and
being part of this beautiful company of
this beautiful sports team pereira 71
years honoring a badge of the
city
tomorrow and together to
matecaña
my love for my life but it's already late
the unemployed
i